These are the available effects and their IDs that you can overwrite the sound clips for.
The audio files can be in the following formats: .ogg, .mp3, .wav, .aac, .m4a

Example audio file name: effect_get_wasted.ogg
_____________________________________________________________________________

+2 Wanted Stars
effect_wanted_level_plus_two

0.25x Game Speed
effect_quarter_game_speed

0.5x Effect Speed
effect_half_timer_speed

0.5x Game Speed
effect_half_game_speed

2x Effect Speed
effect_double_timer_speed

2x Game Speed
effect_double_game_speed

4x Game Speed
effect_quadruple_game_speed

5x Effect Speed
effect_quintuple_timer_speed

Action Figures
effect_action_figures

Add Random Blips
effect_add_random_blips

Aggressive Drivers
effect_aggressive_drivers

All Cars Have Nitro
effect_all_cars_have_nitro

All Green Lights
effect_all_green_lights

All Taxis Have Nitrous
effect_all_taxis_have_nitro

All Vehicles Alarmy
effect_all_vehicles_alarmy

Always Midnight
effect_always_midnight

Always Wanted
effect_always_wanted

Ant Peds
effect_ped_size_super_tiny

Arcade Racer Camera
effect_arcade_racer_camera

ASSERT DOMINANCE
effect_t_pose_peds

Backwards Clock
effect_backwards_clock

Backwards Objects
effect_object_rotation_backwards

Backwards Peds
effect_ped_rotation_backwards

Backwards Vehicles
effect_vehicle_rotation_backwards

Bankrupt
effect_bankrupt

Beach Party
effect_beach_theme

Beginner Weapon Skills
effect_beginner_level_for_all_weapons

Beyblade
effect_beyblade

Big Heads
effect_big_heads

Black Vehicles
effect_black_traffic

Blind
effect_blind

Boats Fly
effect_boats_fly

Bounty On Your Head
effect_have_a_bounty_on_your_head

Buttsbot
effect_buttsbot

Carl! It's Zero!
effect_teleport_to_zero

Carmageddon
effect_carmageddon

Cars Float Away When Hit
effect_cars_float_away_when_hit

Cars Fly
effect_cars_fly

Cars On Water
effect_cars_on_water

Cheap Cars
effect_cheap_cars

Cinematic Vehicle Camera
effect_cinematic_vehicle_camera

Clear Active Effects
effect_clear_active_effects

Clear Wanted Level
effect_clear_wanted_level

Cops Everywhere
effect_cops_everywhere

Country Traffic
effect_country_traffic

Custom Textures
effect_textures_custom

Death
effect_death

Death (1% Chance)
effect_one_percent_death

Delayed Controls
effect_delayed_controls

Delete All Vehicles
effect_delete_all_vehicles

Delete Vehicle
effect_delete_vehicle

Disable Aiming
effect_disable_aiming

Disable All Weapon Damage
effect_disable_all_weapon_damage

Disable Headshots
effect_disable_headshots

Disable HUD
effect_disable_hud

Disable One Movement Key
effect_disable_one_movement_key

Disable Shooting
effect_disable_shooting

Disarm All NPCs
effect_disarm_all_npcs

Do A Kickflip!
effect_kickflip

Double Gravity
effect_double_gravity

Drive Wander
effect_drive_wander

Drive-By Aiming
effect_weapon_aiming_while_driving

Drunk Player
effect_drunk_player

DVD Screensaver
effect_dvd_screensaver

EASY TO READ
effect_very_big_font_scale

Elvis Is Everywhere
effect_elvis_is_everywhere

Everybody Bleed Now!
effect_everybody_bleed_now

Everyone Armed
effect_everyone_armed

Expensive Cars
effect_expensive_cars

Experience The Lag
effect_experience_the_lag

Explode All NPCs
effect_explode_all_npcs

Explode All Vehicles
effect_explode_all_cars

Explode Random Vehicle
effect_explode_random_vehicle

Explosive Bullets
effect_explosive_bullets

Eye For An Eye
effect_pacifist

Fail Current Mission
effect_fail_current_mission

Fake Crash
effect_fake_crash

Fake Pass Current Mission
effect_fake_pass_current_mission

Fake Teleport
effect_fake_teleport

Faster Clock
effect_faster_clock

Fat Player
effect_fat_player

Fire Bullets
effect_fire_bullets

Flat Objects
effect_object_size_flat

Flat Vehicles
effect_vehicle_size_flat

Flipped Vehicles
effect_vehicle_rotation_flipped

Flower Power
effect_flower_power

Foggy Weather
weather_9

Force Field
effect_force_field

Force Mouse Steering
effect_force_vehicle_mouse_steering

Forced Aiming
effect_forced_aiming

Forced Look Behind
effect_forced_look_behind

Forced Shooting
effect_forced_shooting

Freefall!
effect_freefall

Freeze Radar
effect_freeze_radar

Freeze Vehicle
effect_freeze_vehicle

Funhouse Theme
effect_funhouse_theme

Galaxy Note 7
effect_galaxy_note_7

Gang Members Everywhere
effect_gang_members_everywhere

Gangs Control The Streets
effect_gangs_control_the_streets

Get Busted
effect_get_busted

Get Jetpack
effect_get_jetpack

Get Parachute
effect_get_parachute

Get Wasted
effect_get_wasted

Ghost Rider
effect_ghost_rider

Ghost Town
effect_ghost_town

Ghost Vehicles
effect_invisible_vehicles

Give NPCs An RPG
effect_give_npcs_an_rpg

Grounded
effect_disable_jumping

Gun Game
effect_gun_game

haha funni font
effect_font_comic_sans

Half Gravity
effect_half_gravity

Head Peds
effect_head_peds

Health, Armor, $250k
effect_health_armor_money

-Health, -Armor, -$250k
effect_anti_health_armor_money

Hide Chaos UI
effect_hide_chaos_ui

High Pitched Audio
effect_high_pitched_audio

High Suspension Damping
effect_high_suspension_damping

Hitman Weapon Skills
effect_hitman_level_for_all_weapons

Hold The F Up...
effect_hold_the_f_up

Honk Boost
effect_honk_boost

HONK!!!
effect_honk_vehicle_0
effect_honk_vehicle_1
effect_honk_vehicle_2
effect_honk_vehicle_3
effect_honk_vehicle_4

Hot CJ In Your Area
effect_lock_sex_appeal_at_max

Hot Wheels
effect_vehicle_size_super_tiny

Huge Bunny Hop
effect_huge_bunny_hop

Hyper Rapid-Fire
effect_hyper_rapid_fire

Ignite Current Vehicle
effect_set_current_vehicle_on_fire

Infinite Ammo
effect_infinite_ammo

Infinite Oxygen
effect_infinite_oxygen

Insane Gravity
effect_insane_gravity

Insane Handling
effect_insane_handling

Instantly Hungry
effect_instantly_hungry

Invert Vehicle Speed
effect_invert_vehicle_speed

Inverted Controls
effect_inverted_controls

Inverted Gravity
effect_inverted_gravity

Inverted Weapon Damage
effect_inverted_weapon_damage

Invincible (Everyone)
effect_infinite_health_everyone

Invincible (Player)
effect_infinite_health_player

It's Morbin Time
effect_textures_its_morbin_time

It's Rewind Time!
effect_its_rewind_time

Kick Out Of Vehicle
effect_kick_player_out_of_vehicle

KIRYU-CHAN!!!
effect_font_yakuza

Large Objects
effect_object_size_large

Large Peds
effect_ped_size_large

Large Vehicles
effect_vehicle_size_large

Launch All NPCs
effect_launch_all_npcs

Let's Take A Break
effect_lets_take_a_break

LIDL Rapid-Fire
effect_discount_rapid_fire

Lock Mouse
effect_lock_mouse

Lock Player In Vehicle
effect_lock_player_inside_vehicle

Lock Respect At Max
effect_lock_respect_at_max

Long Live The Rich!
effect_long_live_the_rich

Long Necks
effect_long_necks

Long Objects
effect_object_size_long

Long Vehicles
effect_vehicle_size_long

Low FOV
effect_low_fov

Low LOD Vehicles
effect_low_lod_vehicles

Max Driving Skills
effect_max_driving_skills

Max Lung Capacity
effect_max_lung_capacity

Max Muscle
effect_max_muscle

Max Stamina
effect_max_stamina

Mega Jump
effect_mega_jump

Mega Punch
effect_mega_punch

Millionaire
effect_millionaire

Mirrored Screen
effect_mirrored_screen

Mirrored World
effect_mirrored_world

Never Get Hungry
effect_never_get_hungry

Never Wanted
effect_never_wanted

Night Vision
effect_night_vision

Ninja Theme
effect_ninja_theme

No Blips/Markers/Pickups
effect_disable_blips_markers_pickups

No Driving Skills
effect_no_driving_skills

No Lung Capacity
effect_no_lung_capacity

No Need To Hurry
effect_no_need_to_hurry

No Shooting Allowed
effect_no_shooting_allowed

No Stamina
effect_no_stamina

No Tasks Allowed
effect_no_tasks_allowed

No Visible Water
effect_no_visible_water

No Water Physics
effect_no_water_physics

Nothing
effect_nothing

NPCs Attack Each Other
effect_npcs_attack_each_other

NPCs Attack You
effect_npcs_attack_you

Oh Hey, Tanks!
effect_oh_hey_tanks

One Bullet Magazines
effect_one_bullet_magazines

Overcast Weather
weather_4

Paper Thin Objects
effect_object_size_paper_thin

Paper Thin Vehicles
effect_vehicle_size_paper_thin

Pass Current Mission
effect_pass_current_mission

Pausing
effect_pausing

Ped One Hit K.O.
effect_one_hit_ko

Ped Wallhack
effect_ped_wallhack

Pedal To The Metal
effect_pedal_to_the_metal

Peds Explode If Run Over
effect_peds_explode_when_run_over

Peds Leave All Vehicles
effect_everyone_leaves_all_vehicles

Pink Vehicles
effect_pink_traffic

Pitch Shifter
effect_pitch_shifter

Pop Tires Of All Vehicles
effect_pop_tires_of_all_vehicles

Portal Guns
effect_portal_guns

Portrait Mode
effect_portrait_mode

Powerpoint Presentation
effect_fps_15

Pride Vehicles
effect_pride_traffic

Quadruple Gravity
effect_quadruple_gravity

Quake FOV
effect_quake_fov

Quarter Gravity
effect_quarter_gravity

Queer Rights!
effect_replace_all_text_queer_rights

Quick Sprunk Stop
effect_quick_sprunk_stop

Radar Zoom (Large)
effect_radar_zoom_large

Radar Zoom (Small)
effect_radar_zoom_small

Rainbow Peds
effect_rainbow_peds

Rainy Weather
weather_16

Random Inputs
effect_random_inputs

Random Outfit
effect_random_outfit

Random Stunt Jump
effect_random_stunt_jump

Random Teleport
effect_random_teleport

Rapid-Fire
effect_rapid_fire

Recruit Anyone (9mm)
effect_recruit_anyone_9mm

Recruit Anyone (AK-47)
effect_recruit_anyone_ak47

Recruit Anyone (Rockets)
effect_recruit_anyone_rockets

Relative Car Gravity
effect_vehicle_driving_on_walls

Reload Autosave
effect_reload_autosave

Remove All Weapons
effect_remove_all_weapons

Remove Current Weapon
effect_remove_current_weapon

Remove Everyone's Weapons
effect_remove_everyones_weapons

Remove Random Weapon
effect_remove_random_weapon

Reset Camera
effect_reset_camera

Reset Effect Timers
effect_reset_effect_timers

Ring Ring !!
effect_ring_ring

Riot Mode
effect_riot_mode

Roll Credits
effect_roll_credits

Rota(to)ry Engines
effect_vehicle_rotation_based_on_speed

Rotating Objects (X)
effect_object_rotation_continuous_x

Rotating Objects (Y)
effect_object_rotation_continuous_y

Rotating Objects (Z)
effect_object_rotation_continuous_z

Rotating Peds (X)
effect_ped_rotation_continuous_x

Rotating Peds (Y)
effect_ped_rotation_continuous_y

Rotating Peds (Z)
effect_ped_rotation_continuous_z

Rotating Vehicles (X)
effect_vehicle_rotation_continuous_x

Rotating Vehicles (Y)
effect_vehicle_rotation_continuous_y

Rotating Vehicles (Z)
effect_vehicle_rotation_continuous_z

Sandstorm
weather_19

Screen Flip
effect_screen_flip

Screensaver HUD
effect_screensaver_hud

Send Vehicles To Space
effect_send_vehicles_to_space

Set Everyone On Fire
effect_set_everyone_on_fire

Shaky Hands
effect_shaky_hands

Shoutouts to SimpleFlips.
effect_replace_all_text_simpleflips

Shuffle Blips
effect_shuffle_blips

Six Wanted Stars
effect_wanted_level_six_stars

Skinny Player
effect_skinny_player

Smash N' Boom
effect_smash_n_boom

Smooth Criminal
effect_fps_60

Solid Water
effect_walk_on_water

Spawn Bloodring Banger
spawn_vehicle_504

Spawn Caddy
spawn_vehicle_457

Spawn Dozer
spawn_vehicle_486

Spawn Dumptrucks
effect_big_butts

Spawn Hotring A
spawn_vehicle_502

Spawn Hotring B
spawn_vehicle_503

Spawn Hunter
spawn_vehicle_425

Spawn Hydra
spawn_vehicle_520

Spawn Monster A
spawn_vehicle_556

Spawn NRG-500
spawn_vehicle_522

Spawn Quad
spawn_vehicle_471

Spawn Ramp
effect_spawn_ramp

Spawn Rancher
spawn_vehicle_489

Spawn Random Vehicle
spawn_vehicle_-1

Spawn Rhino
spawn_vehicle_432

Spawn Romero
spawn_vehicle_442

Spawn Stretch
spawn_vehicle_409

Spawn Stuntplane
spawn_vehicle_513

Spawn Trashmaster
spawn_vehicle_408

Spawn Vortex
spawn_vehicle_539

Speed (1994)
effect_minimum_speed

Speeeeeen!
effect_rotating_peds

Steer Bias (Left)
effect_steer_bias_left

Steer Bias (Right)
effect_steer_bias_right

Stop Game Clock
effect_stop_game_clock

Sunny Weather
weather_1

Super Low FOV
effect_super_low_fov

Super Smokio 64
effect_font_mario_64

Super Wide Objects
effect_object_size_super_wide

Super Wide Vehicles
effect_vehicle_size_super_wide

SUPER. HOT.
effect_superhot

Swap Vehicles On Impact
effect_swap_vehicles_on_impact

Switch To Unarmed
effect_switch_to_unarmed

TABLE!
effect_spawn_table

Tall Objects
effect_object_size_tall

Tall Vehicles
effect_vehicle_size_tall

Team Trees
effect_spawn_tree

Teleport All NPCs To Player
effect_teleport_all_npcs_to_player

Teleport To A Bridge
teleport_a_bridge

Teleport To A Mountain
teleport_a_mountain

Teleport To A Pier
teleport_a_pier

Teleport To A Quarry
teleport_a_quarry

Teleport To A Secret Place
teleport_a_secret_place

Teleport To A Tower
teleport_a_tower

Teleport To Big Ear
teleport_big_ear

Teleport To Grove Street
teleport_grove_street

Teleport To Liberty City
effect_teleport_to_liberty_city

Teleport To The Docks
teleport_the_docks

Teleport To The LS Airport
teleport_the_ls_airport

Teleport To The LV Airport
teleport_the_lv_airport

Teleport To The SF Airport
teleport_the_sf_airport

Teleport To Waypoint
effect_teleport_to_marker

The Firing Circus
effect_the_firing_circus

The Flash
effect_the_flash

The Mirror Dimension
effect_the_mirror_dimension

Thermal Vision
effect_thermal_vision

Timelapse Mode
effect_timelapse

Tiny Objects
effect_object_size_tiny

Tiny Peds
effect_ped_size_tiny

Tiny Vehicles
effect_vehicle_size_tiny

To Drive Or Not To Drive
effect_to_drive_or_not_to_drive

To The Left, To The Right
effect_to_the_left_to_the_right

Too Much Information
effect_too_much_information

Traffic Is Bobcat
effect_vehicle_spawns_bobcat

Traffic Is Caddy
effect_vehicle_spawns_caddy

Traffic Is Combine
effect_vehicle_spawns_combine

Traffic Is Infernus
effect_vehicle_spawns_infernus

Traffic Is Kart
effect_vehicle_spawns_kart

Traffic Is Monster
effect_vehicle_spawns_monster

Traffic Is Mower
effect_vehicle_spawns_mower

Traffic Is Mr. Whoopee
effect_vehicle_spawns_whoopee

Traffic Is Rhino
effect_vehicle_spawns_rhino

Traffic Is Vortex
effect_vehicle_spawns_vortex

Tunnel Vision
effect_tunnel_vision

Turn Vehicles Around
effect_turn_vehicles_around

Underwater View
effect_underwater_view

Unflippable Vehicles
effect_unflippable_vehicles

Uninstall CS: Source
effect_textures_counter_strike_source

Upside-Down Objects
effect_object_rotation_flipped

Upside-Down Peds
effect_ped_rotation_flipped

Upside-Down Screen
effect_upside_down_screen

Vehicle Boost
effect_vehicle_boost

Vehicle Bumper Camera
effect_vehicle_bumper_camera

Vehicle One Hit K.O.
effect_vehicle_one_hit_ko

Very Sunny Weather
weather_0

Void Warp
effect_void_warp

Walk Off
effect_walk_off

Warp In Random Vehicle
effect_warp_player_into_random_vehicle

WAYTOODANK
effect_dont_lose_your_head

Weapon Recoil
effect_weapon_recoil

Weapon Roulette
effect_weapon_roulette

Weapon Set 1
effect_weapon_set_1

Weapon Set 2
effect_weapon_set_2

Weapon Set 3
effect_weapon_set_3

Weapon Set 4
effect_weapon_set_4

Wheels Only, Please
effect_wheels_only_please

Where Is Everybody?
effect_where_is_everybody

Wide Objects
effect_object_size_wide

Wide Vehicles
effect_vehicle_size_wide

You know what to do.
effect_blow_up_ryders_car

Your Car Floats When Hit
effect_your_car_floats_away_when_hit

You've been struck by...
effect_struck_by_truck

Zero Gravity
effect_zero_gravity

Zero Suspension Damping
effect_zero_suspension_damping

Zooming FOV
effect_zooming_fov

